Update web site after Trac to GitHub migration (#67)
wxWidgets/website: develop/how-to-report-issues/index.md

---
title: "How to Report an Issue"
---

To create a new issue, you must have a [GitHub](https://github.com/) account. If you really can't open or use one, consider posting to [wx-users mailing list](/support/mailing-lists/), but creating the issue directly is strongly preferred.

> Please ***search*** to check if the bug or proposed enhancement is already submitted before reporting it. If you are not sure that you encountered the same bug, please open a new ticket and add mutual links to both tickets (`#1234` is automatically linked). 

Reviewer: Is it correct to still use the word "ticket" instead of "issue"?
```suggestion
Please ***search*** to check if the bug or proposed enhancement is already submitted before reporting it. If you are not sure that you encountered the same bug, please open a new issue and add mutual links to both issues (`#1234` is automatically linked). 
Also, is not one mention in either issue enough, the other will get a reference automatically?
```

Author: This is another place where I've just copied the existing text, only reformatting in Markdown (using semi-automated substitutions). FWIW I think we shouldn't tell people opening new bugs at all if they suspect it's the same bug anyhow.

Reviewer: Sorry, I have missed "There are certainly other improvements that could be made, but for now I've done the strict minimum to avoid having dangling/out of date links. Please let me know if I blundered anywhere." in the PR text.

Under Unix it is as simple as running `gdb your-program-name` (under OS X, use `gdb your-app/Contents/MacOS/your-app`), typing `r` in gdb and then typing `bt` when the crash happens. You may do it even with non-debug build of wxWidgets as this should still give us at least the names of the functions but ideally you should rebuild wxWidgets with debug information as this would give the line numbers and parameter values as well.

Under Windows you should use a debug build and run the program under Microsoft Visual Studio debugger if you're using MSVC compiler or under WinDBG otherwise.

## Creating the Issue

* Title: Please provide a meaningful title for your issue.

* Priority: A special note about priority labels: you may choose to use lower priority for the bug but in general please ***do not set high*** priority, even if the bug is very important to you personally. We will increment the priority ourselves if the bug is deemed to be more serious than normal from wxWidgets point of view.

* Version: Please use the appropriate label for the version. If you've tested multiple versions, please mention this in the main text.

> * Other labels: Please select any labels that are appropriate, but make sure to use the label corresponding to the port (e.g. "MSW" or "GTK") for which you're reporting the issue. If the bug is in the `base` sub-library, select `base`. Note that `build` label is for ticket related to bakefiles, `configure.in`, `wx-config`, etc, please use specific label for CMake. Finally, please use `regression` label for anything that used to work in a previous wxWidgets version but doesn't work any longer.

Reviewer: "Note that `build` label is for ticket related to bakefiles, `configure.in`, `wx-config`, etc, ..."
That is rather Linux specific, is it not? I have created many build issues yet I do not use any of those. Or should there be "**m**akefiles" instead of "bakefiles" (which are probably rare touched)?

> * Description: Explain how to reproduce the problem in as much details as possible. Check if you can see it in the samples. If not, try to make a ***minimal*** modification, i.e. such that every change in it is really needed, to one of the samples to demonstrate it and attach this modification as a patch ([unified](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diff#Unified_format) format with extension `.diff` or `.patch` is strongly preferred). Alternatively, you can also attach a minimal complete application in a single `.cpp` file.

Reviewer: I would just refer to Reproducing the Problem section here.

## Things To Do To Dissuade Us From Fixing a Bug

Following the guidelines in this page helps a lot with fixing the bug but unfortunately it doesn't always ensure that it is fixed (unless you also [submit a patch](/develop/how-to-submit-patches/)), unfortunately. However there are several things which you can do which might not ensure that the bug is **not** fixed, strictly speaking, but which come pretty close. Here are some examples:

 * Not providing enough details about the problem.
 * Opening multiple identical (or very similar) bug reports about the same problem, usually still without providing enough details.
 * Incrementing the bug priority or moving its target milestone, typically even though it was already reset by a developer before.
 * Putting strongly-worded requests to fix your bug as soon as possible (usually in capital letters) in the summary or description.
 * Trying to generate interest in your problem by insulting wxWidgets developers when the above fails.

Doing anything of the above is just a waste of time so please don't engage in it.

## Final Note

> wxWidgets is a community project and we need your help. At the very least, if you see that the bug you reported in the past was fixed, but the ticket is still open, we will appreciate if you close it. You can easily find all the open bugs you reported by choosing your user name from "Author" dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wxWidgets is a community project and we need your help. At the very least, if you see that the bug you reported in the past was fixed, but the issue is still open, we will appreciate if you close it. You can easily find all the open issues you reported by clicking on "Filter" dropdown and choosing "Your issues".
```
Additionally, I think you will find
